it's time to welcome you into the Doctor
Who 50th anniversary San Diego comic-con
have you seen this line it makes me feel
like I'm really a part of something
bigger
she showed me blink and I've been
watching everything
one big mystery
give us your biggest cheer for all the
who viens around the world
there is a princess doll with oh my god
you're like Newton tumbler we're ready
for the first ever
Amelia pond you're the little girl I'm
Amelia and Northland doctor yes it may
be a teeny bit terrified yes you want to
do this now I have a right to know I'm
getting married in 430 beauties and the
first time you touch my console I said
that he was a beautiful thing I've ever
known
he's called Alfie what are you doing
here anyway yes he likes that alfie Boe
personally first be called stole
mageddon
dark mode of all we excited called a
couple of folks to kind of Judge with us
I think their names are Mark Gatiss and
David Bradley there's something about
the lady in uniform that I can
Oh
let's bring out the winners of the
contest
for psychiatrists did you win anything
we won the Kitab a foodstuff end can you
say exterminate thanks for being the
best guys
you